Software developer, artificial intelligence and data science
I an very interested in disability support and I want to learn new skills so I can get back into the work force. I am eager to show that I am more than just my disabilities.
I will not let my visual disability be my end all.

I chose to study engineering because I wanted to pursue a professional path that involves commitment to others. A field that, via scientific research and implementation, enables future generations to thrive. I am especially interested in Software, AI, machine learning, Finance and economics. However, each time I try a new thing I discover more interesting things, so I would like to try other fields as well. I am also interested in starting my own company/ start-up one day. I participated in Start-Up French Taglit, a special program which acquaints Franco-Jewish entrepreneurs with Israel and focuses on the technology aspect of Israel by visiting many leading start-ups and meeting eminent figures like Shimon Peres. This program opened my eyes to the extent of Israeli innovations in the technology industry and certainly gave me a taste for more.
Since I'm an international student, with no family in the US and no background in a technical field (my family is from the medicine field), I am desperately looking for a mentor who can help me to pave my way in the industry. I need help in everything from industry knowledge stuff: such as choosing my classes, planning my summers, networking and interviewing skills to technical knowledge like CS skills. I think I especially need help in things that didn't even cross my mind yet.
I am a positive and smiley person, who know when to work hard nd when to have fun : P

User experience is key. Whether it’s for a concept like the Blue Line Pill or a revolutionary piece of software that assists the visually impaired in classrooms, users will not return if there is not a smooth and enjoyable interaction. I am particularly keen on incorporating more technology within classroom instruction, for example. Yet, I fear that so many products, even a Smart Board, easily frustrate users and motivate them to turn to more outdated but stable items to help teach students. This makes user experience a crucial target in technology. Design is equally important. There’s a reason Steve Jobs cautioned us to make the back of the picket fence as pretty as the front. Aesthetically, an item’s design is its window to its “soul.� It’s the first thing we use to make snap judgments and is ultimately responsible for encouraging or dissuading us to reach out and interact with an object. Design is a universal language. You do not need to speak a specific dialect to appreciate the beauty or ergonomics of a product. For those reasons, emphasis on design is crucial to engineering well received and innovative ideas. Finally, I am interested in the DIY elements of technology as it relates to the easier manufacturing of items. Take the rise of “Fab Labs� or the exponential growth of 3D Printing. These have all made it possible to learn lean production processes or even cut out traditional middle men distributors. From manufacture to the point of sale, these DIY capabilities have now truly made it possible conduct all business processes from one location. Importantly, I view this as an important movement to reduce costs associated barriers to entry in tech.
I would ideally love to work with my mentor to sift through the ideas I have and better determine which ones are more feasible and worth spending our time exploring. That said, one possibility is my Blue Line Pill. This is a liquid-gel capsule that would sanitize liquid waste deposits in toilets and other waste removal mechanisms. By purifying the waste, it aims to curtail the need to flush or use a large and disproportionate amount of fresh water to eliminate said waste. It would be targeted towards communities that routinely suffer from water shortages. The pill would offer a way to immediately aid water conservation while long term infrastructural changes are hopefully put into the works. Another potential idea is DemocracyTT. This currently is in the beta form of a website that aims to compile the most updated and relevant information on elected officials so as to simplify the process of constituents contacting members of parliament. The Caribbean as a whole often shrouds such pertinent information and makes it very difficult to easily access members of the government. DemocracyTT’s objective is to eliminate such a barrier. Consequentially, learning how to build the right relationships with members of relevant industries and meaningfully contributing to their needs as well as my own would be great skills to refine throughout this process. In addition, figuring out how to best build out the first iteration of the previously mentioned projects would afford me the practical know withal to tackle other ventures that may arise out of this program. Elements like product design and being able to navigate the pitfalls of a lack of immediate funding are specific areas I can imagine gaining knowledge within.
My ability to push past adversity and devise the most unconventional of solutions to tackle everyday problems makes me someone you will definitely remember.

Product Management: I like being able to manage various moving pieces to bring an idea to life making sure important problems are being solved for stakeholders. Business Strategy: I am able to look at the bigger picture for various problems and enjoy solving problems by allocating the appropriate resources. Healthcare Technology: Being able to have a deep impact on countless people excites me, and working with healthcare technology would allow me to find opportunities and challenges that can be addressed. Within healthcare, being able to work with various technology platforms to better understand the technology that runs powerful software systems.
Goals during mentorship: 1. Generating 10 - 20 interviews with prospective companies, leading to offers. 2. Building a relationship with 10 decision makers at prospective employers of interest. 3. Building a relationship with at least 2 people in each of my areas / roles of interest. Goals in the next 6 months 1. Validating my current product, working with 3 customers. 2. Bringing a technical co-founder on board. 3. Learning and getting certified for a technology platform (example, Citrix Virtualization, Salesforce).
I take action in the presence of fear and uncertainty that pushes me to new heights and develop amazing relationships in the process.

I'm passionate about entertainment, specifically film and music, and investing. Tech is disrupting entertainment and creating different channels for distribution and consumption. Music and film have been a big part of my life . I would love to invest in disruptive, entertainment focused tech companies.
nil
I'm outgoing, sociable, love to learn, and love to have a good time!

I've always been passionate about studying the universe and space travel. I'm a fan of star trek, and I hope that society can reach such fantastic heights as in the show. Technology is the only way to achieve that . I'm interested in artificial intelligence, computational science, and robotics. I would love to make a contribution in at least one of those areas some day.
nil
I'm perseverant, and I place honesty in high regard.

my top 3 fields of interest in technology are adaptive technology products, consumer outreach, and software design. Users with disabilities are often singled out of opportunities because of the lack of accessibility to assistive technology. Mentoring done by people passionate about tech is what drives a young disabled person to embrace the beauty of using technology in their daily lives. Tech is what helped me succeed in all aspects, especially education. With the innovative invention of mobile technology like thee Apple iPhone, I am able to view the world full of opportunities with a clear eye. My interest in adaptive tech stems from my experience with usage and the support received by educators who specialized in teaching students on how to use assistive software like VoiceOver, Jaws For Windows, etc. With the growing interest in artificial intelligence, people with disabilities can become more independent and productive.
I would like to accomplish several things during this year. Some of my future plans involve creating a nonprofit organization that provides education and mentoring for young people. Young kids need guidance to prevent the risk of dropping out of school. Teens with disabilities are especially vulnerable because they face additional challenges concerning acceptance. Other goals to accomplish would be to have a stable source of employment and network better. People with disabilities have a harder time networking because society focuses more on their disability rather than their ability. Most people with disabilities easily fall into depression because of the struggles they face when finding employment and overall lack of support.
My ability to inspire other people, leadership, and enthusiasm make me awesome.

Front End Development - I like the tangibility of front end. You get the satisfaction of feeling like you built something. User Experience - I like the idea of solving the user's problems & giving them value. I see that as the ultimate goal of software. Design - good design is required for good user experience.
Basically, I want to get a job. I need to feel like I'm contributing something to my family. My soft skills could definitely use improvement. I tend to fail at whiteboarding or pair-programming type interviews (although I do well with take-home projects). My ability to network is limited, and there is always room for improvement in the technical skills arena. Most of all, it would be wonderful to have someone to bounce ideas off of, who is invested in my success. I taught myself to code online, so I feel insulated a lot of the time.
I'm an extremely hard worker who holds myself to high standards, and I write good, clean code.

I'm the creative type of guy that likes execution and precise results. I would say that my main interest is in marketing and viral usage of content creation to build brand leverage and bring value to the world. I'm not really into the technical side of things, but I love IoT infrastructures and how they collide together to bring a no-delay user experience in finance. It's peculiar to see how nowadays, a simple tap on the phone can send thousands to someone in another country, across bridges and oceans. I love to bring ideas to life, bring concepts to another dimension and make people believe in their capabilities of achieving. It is the human factor and correlation with solving problems with innovative solutions that brings me passion and the willing to push forward.
I'd like to learn how small/bigger companies use their resources to take something from 0 to an actual functional product/service; the creative management process. May it be with strategies or mindset. Set a road map for launching a startup, where to start, conception and delivery. I want to make a decision with the future of my education, if I should stop, move to a program in University or gain online knowledge and start a business. Do both? Maybe... I really need some help. I would also love to network for possible work opportunities looking forward.
I will "kill" you with my kindness and make shit happen. (strong vocabulary, but truer than anything)

I am a new software engineer at Capital One, and have my own educational website, MusicAlgo.com which uses animated lectures and music to help beginners in CS learn fundamental ideas. If I had to choose my top 3 areas I would like to focus on they would be 1) application development 2) data analysis and machine learning 3) distributed computing At the end of the day I want to make apps and websites that help solve people's problems and make their lives better. Given the copious amounts of data that we have now, machine learning is a technique that will be leveraged to make good applications great, by adjusting to its users and improving with historical data. None of this is possible though without utilizing the parallel and distributed computing technologies that will make this analysis possible in a reasonable amount of time.
I would like someone to both help me with strategy in building content/marketing/technical development for my own website, MusicAlgo.com, and general guidance in the things I should be doing to develop and thrive as an engineer.
I look for win-win situations, and I have fun in the process: )

I'm very interested in accessibility/mobility technology. I'd like to be involved in a marketing, product management or business development role.
I'm currently in an MBA program learning more about business development and honing my soft skills. I'd like to learn more about technical skills and the state of the accessibility technology space today.
I make those around me feel like they matter

My top 3 fields of interest within technology (or other disciplines in STEM) are engineering, software development, and business. At Antelope Valley College, I have taken courses Introduction to C, Introduction to C++, Assembly Language and Computer Architecture, and Data Structures. In each of these courses, I had to test, plan, and create my own programs. Outside of school, I help manage my family's two businesses. I learned how to own/manage a business since I was 10 years old. My roles included sales, customer service, stock associate, and janitor.
During the mentorship, I want to create an online work portfolio, strengthen my technical skills, and build a network of like minded peers, mentors, and recruiters. In 6 months, I will have a work portfolio to demonstrate to potential employers/recruiters (or clients), build greater network, and learn how to train for technical interviews. With these components developed, it will help me become employed in the STEM field.
What makes me awesome is my tenacity.

user experience design artificial intelligence research
technical skills networking soft skills
nil

"From my school days I was fascinated by computers and its applications. When I used Screen Reader (JAWS) for very first time I was surprised that software’s can bring revolutionary change in Life. As I was in school where students only can opt for Humanities, I tried my school management to allow me to opt for Science and Math. Unfortunately they were not convinced. I qualified the exam of one of the university which allow non-science background student to pursue bachelor’s degree in Computer Application, I continued and pursued Master’s in Computer Application from one of the reputed engineering college in India. Interests: Programming Developing Applications to solve day-to-day problems. Tech for Social good) Big Billion Impact) to make human life easier. "
Making something cool which solve day-to-day problem of people, which can be anything software/ hardware.
Making something cool which solve day-to-day problem of people, which can be anything software/ hardware.

My top 3 fields of interest within technology are biotechnology/biomedical technology, data science and machine learning, and software development. I am passionate about biomedical technology because I have studied and worked in the healthcare sector and can see the gaps in current infrastructure and treatment. I am inspired by biopharmaceuticals and devices for the amelioration of human disease and hope to use the program that I am in to continue to support my interests. Data science and machine learning fascinate me because I believe that they are pivotal components in every industry and have infinite applications. The fields are constantly evolving and I would love to learn about how someone with no experience can get started. Software Development is an exponentially growing industry that is the backbone of every successful company or organization. I realize that coding knowledge is a highly valued skill and want to be involved to begin learning coding and apply my health background to the industry.
I would like to gain some experience networking with individuals in the technology industry, connect with organizations that value someone with a health background interested in technology, and be inspired by my mentor alongside having someone to converse and soundboard ideas off of.
I never give up! I am persistent and constantly reflect on what I can do better.

Assistive technologies such as screen reader software, hardware equipment which assists persons with disabilities, artificial intelligence including automation technologies and neural networks which can enhance text to speech software, navigation aids etc. and big data.
There are several ideas of which I have assessed the feasibility, I need expertise to make those ideas into end-user products / services. I'm hoping to start a social enterprise with some of my ideas, I need expertise and guidance to proceed with it.
I strive for independence in a world / society where persons with disabilities are considered constantly dependent.

AI, I'm interested in this aspect before philosophy and my other fields of studies used to be in cognitive science until linguistics of all courses throttled me. It's a field of study that'll change society in the future. High tech in general, that's how I got into 3D printing even though I'm an arts students. Programming, attempted it in both high school and university, want to learn more about them, not very good at them.
Tech skills, learning to be able to program various languages. Business skills.
I know what engineers don't, at least at the moment.

Software Development- Specifically anything with a strong emphasis on mathematics, which happens to be my favorite subject. I enjoy writing code, I am still a beginner and want to better my skills. Artificial Intelligence- I am very interested in autonomous vehicles design and the social/economical implications. Software Development- Specifically the development of music software. I enjoy creating music, and would like to be involved in producing an educational software program.
I would like to develop my technical skills, networking skills and help with the interview process. Ultimately I would like to be a better programmer and have an definitive idea on what my options are once I graduate. I would like to ace an interview and feel confident I did my best.
I really care about others, I am hard working and always try to make the right decisions.

My passion for technology helps me strive to make tasks easier for myself and others. I would like to streamline processes by advancing my skills in coding, creating new apps and enhance disability features in these apps and websites. I want to create features that integrate voiceover, Siri and other descriptive features. I believe there has to be some way to have descriptive audio for movies automated similar to adding a close caption track.
I hope to network with others in the field of computer science and find more recruitment opportunities for myself in the future. In the next six month, I would like to enhance my coding skills beyond HTML and CSS. In addition I want to give feedback to companies on how make their devices more accessible.
I am a quick learner and an effective problem solver.

I am interested in virtual reality and game development, particularly in building environments. I have been working on small projects within the Unity and Unreal Engine, having taught myself how to create 3D environments and assets.
I want to learn how to better endure stress and interpersonal interactions in the work place, and if possible, learn some of the technical skills that I would need to succeed. I also would appreciate help with recruitment and networking, as I find myself at a loss for where to continue beyond sending out applications that haven't gotten anywhere, yet.
It takes a lot for a challenge to scare me off from trying, as I learn quickly and know how to access resources.

I am passionate about improving health through technology. For me, there are two main forms this takes, one through improving healthcare and products centered around improving health and the other is through more "clinical" applications such as using data to improve diagnostics, or using modeling to study proteins. I am interested in using data in both of these space to identify and understand and develop solutions that improve quality of life.
I would like to gain more technical skills and develop a side project that I can work on. Right now, I feel really behind in the coding world, so I would just like to build my skills, and increase my exposure and confidence in tackling problems. I
I do not take my self too seriously

Utilizing technology in product design. Utilizing technology to communicate ideas. Utilizing technology gain knowledge.
All of the above. I would like to obtain full time employment in the field of design engineering or some type of engineering position
Compassionate for others. Hardworking.Honest

In my opinion, the tech industry as a whole is the new Wall Street. Meaning that the top jobs/opportunities is now in a completely new and exciting industry. I am extremely interested in startups/venture creations, sports technology and innovation, and social media. 1. The reason why I am intrigued with start ups is because my roommate is currently working on one himself. The creative thinking involved and the potential reward makes me very curious about working within a start up. 2. As a big sports fan in 2017, I find that just with any other industry things evolve, mostly for the better. And sports is not exception to that. I'm interested in seeing first hand how technology can better sports as a whole. And what's in involved in that whole aspect. 3. Finally, I am interested in a social media platform because I see firsthand on a college campus the overall importance of maintaining a strong presence on social media. And what really intrigues me is that this whole concept of having social media platforms online is only about 10 or so years old. And now it is extremely popular and I think it will continue to be extremely successful. So I'd be curious to learn the ideologies behind the overall success and contrary to that, mistakes that companies have made.
I'd like to build and maintain a relationship with a mentor who works in a company. I think this can really help me out moving forward. I'd be interested in learning about technical skills and current projects that this certain firm is working on. Because tech today is so large and advanced, every single company wants to come out with the new product/idea. So I'd like to the see the innovation first hand and ultimately be a part of it. Technology can help this world for the better, by making our everyday lives easier. In the next 6 months, I'd like to have a better idea as to what goes into successful company., and to understand thinking and overall process that goes into new products and innovation.
I love life, even though I was unfortunately born with a disability. I've never let that slow me down and I always try to make the best out of every situation I'm put into.

Growing up, technology has always been in my best interests; especially how it continually transforms throughout time. Even as I'm fighting my inner demons, technology has been one of the things which keep me going up till this day. In random order, here's what interests me most in technology: 1. ENTREPRENEURSHIP IN TECHNOLOGY: As someone who loves creating and as someone who wants to build a startup, I believe that entrepreneurship is key to not only grow in tech, but in all aspects of life. Without entrepreneurship, there wouldn't be any Facebook, Yelp, Uber, etc. And within all of these established companies, new applications in technology are implemented and continued to be transformed. 2. HARDWARE: One of the reasons why I'm studying Computer Engineering is for hardware. I personally find it very exciting whenever you can implement software in hardware. As a result, you can see what you've built based on the hardware given. Examples of these include micro controllers (i.e. arduino), where you can build what you want to build and see it in real life in various applications. 3. ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE/DATA SCIENCE: I was going to put AR/VR as my third, though I cannot pass up how much interest I have on this topic. This field is going to be the future; what will shape our lives in the years to come. Add to that my love for creativity and hardware, the possibilities are endless when these devices and more are powered by AI. This is something I'm continuously learning upon, and hopefully implement something on my own soon.
As someone who is really close to graduating with a bunch of interests yet no direction on what to do, I would like someone that can support me in these interests while providing direction. It especially entails in ENTREPRENEURSHIP: Having an idea for a while that I do want to build and implement. I hope I can find someone who will guide me along that. Hopefully, that person can also guide me in NETWORKING/JOB HUNT: In addition, I do want to get more experience on how things are done and I do believe that knowing more people in the technology field and working in established companies. This leads to me working on my TECHNICAL SKILLS: It is debatable overall, but I do want to be much better than I was and hopefully be one of the best someday in what I do. I definitely love someone who can help me in this as well.
My mental illnesses don't define me, and I will make them not to. If I do succeed in this, then I am awesome.

I was attracted to technology because it can inform and improve our human experience. Because of that, my interests are focused in three areas: Machine learning/ AI; So we can learn new truths. Digital humanities/ Data analysis; So we can contextualize these truths. Design; So we can convey these truths.
I would love to grapple with my disability with an experienced mentor - and just talk about the realities of it. Many people offer compassion, but I've had a lot of trouble finding good advice. I would also love support on a technical project - I've recently been interested in sentiment analysis (and topic analysis), and would love to do some work analyzing different websites' leanings on obscure topics. Lastly, help with more mundane things (like professional development, how to write a good CV, improving my LinkedIn) would also be lovely.
Laughing is my favorite pastime.

I have an interest in biomedical technology. Specifically, I want to get into 3D printed prosthetics, Tissue regeneration (minimum invasive, rapid wound healing) and mobile health apps (patient centered focused). As someone who has been in the healthcare system and a per-engineering student, I wanted to do my part to decrease costs and stress to patients and their families. I also want to find ways to lower the disparity in healthcare access. The technologies I have mentioned all have potential to attack these problems.
I would like to network as I feel my current network so far is not geared towards my interests. In addition, I want to be able know how to navigate my way into the workforce with my disability (how to talk to employers, how to deal with situations that involved it). I also would to build up my experience in a lab environment as a lot of the research and work I have done so far is more "theoretical" than any sort of physical application. One project I want to get off the ground is using 3d Printing for medical use for underserved populations such as dentures, prosthesis or patient education (public/global health) materials. I have some sort of start through the non-profit organization Vietnam Health Clinic (based in UW) but I know there are a lot of other factors (laws on 3d printing use, cost, operating, etc). Another side project is looking at creating a patient health record system that can be used in a rural/global health setting.
I am a compassionate person who is very analytical and curious of the world around me.

Fintech, Business Automation & Blockchain. There are 3 premier needs of human: food, cloth & living. YONK is helping to give those 3 permier needs for human especially in third world countries.
Networking. It is the right time for me to give back to the world by creating amazing products.
Loyality, Integrity & Commitment

I'm interested in what technology can do for me. I have a passion for photography but going blind puts limits on my abilities. Technology us made it so I don't have to have the perfect eye.
I would like to be exposed to what technology has to offer someone with my impairments and use that to grow my ability to build a small business.
I have the ability to uplift people when they feel like nothing is possible.

I just want to do as much hardware repair as possible because the program that I am about to complete at Valencia only offers to teach IT skills from a business perspective and I need to learn from the consumers perspective as well.
I would like to come out with a better hardware repair resume so that I can find a job more easily.
I am a nice person with happy feelings most of the time.

I am a senior majoring in chemistry who has developed passion for analytics and is ready to apply it in tackling real life challenges. My top interests include data science in healthcare, oil and gas, or clean technology industry. I also have an interest in materials science and nanotechnologies, as I believe they could provide solutions to many urging problems. I am open to new opportunities.
I would like to learn about opportunities in technology following graduation. I am open to new ideas and I am seeking advice, networking and recruitment. I would like to explore different options and get an idea of how it is to work in the tech industry.
I am an assistant scuba diving instructor and have worked on developing nanomaterials made of DNA.

Front and Full-Stack Development especially in SPA(Single Paged Application) wither MEAN or MERN stack.
Better disability support, improved pool of networking from fellow disabled individuals from same or similar fields. Also better refinement from improved programming skills.
I am a determinant individual who tends to stick to his mission if not dream

Software development- After helping build a software for organizing the data from a cosmic ray detecting software at my university's physics lab, I wish pursue more projects in software development. The entire process of creating a software by myself was very rewarding. Data science, processing and analysis - Again working with large data from the cosmic ray detectors, it was amazing to manipulate these large amounts of data and draw conclusions from them. Video editing and graphics design - I self taught myself the Adobe Suite and starting taking small projects in my university for the student run news site and TEDx Video Team
Technical skills in software development. Where to look for new training and learning opportunities online. How to self learn new skills. How to reach the right people in the technical sector for building networks and increasing access to new opportunities and new internships
I like to not look at past and despite having been given a unlucky set of cards in life, I want to move forward and not look back.

Film/TV, Video Games, And Virtual reality. I have a big passion for 3D modelling in particular because it allows me to create things that are unique and out of my imagination. I love the way I can dissect objects to find out how they are built.
I would Like to Achieve a better ability to hone my skills and become more productive while implementing a stronger ability to have my work and home life be more productive and stay positive. Also having a better ability to manage projects.
I am Creative, intuitive, and open minded. Also entreprenuerial

Information Security Software Programming System Administration
I am aspiring to pursue my Masters in Computer Science from a reputed international institution. I need guidance on how to apply, prepare and appear for GRE exams specifically with regards to finding accessible study material and answering visual questions during the exam.
My never quenching thirst for knowledge and my never-ever give-up attitude.

I have a particular passion for designing and developing web and mobile applications because here in Africa there are a lot of problems that we can solve with just a single application (for example reminding a mother to take her child to the Hospital for immunization). I also like cybersecurity because it's really exciting.
Have the skills to design, develop and deploy a web and mobile application: Skills that I would share with other people with disabilities in my country; To be competitive; build friendship relations with people with disabilities from other countries; And finally develop this application that is particularly important to me: An application that will send alerts to every woman who has a child to take her child to get vaccinated. Because if this system existed when I was a child she would have reminded my mother to take me to the hospital to get vaccinated.
Despite all discriminations, I keep my smile and my faith in the future

IT Helpdesk Technician iOS Developer Data Science
Develop more technical skills. Build a network with more blind/vi individuals in the tech industry.
I am awesome because I am able to create a personal connection with any individual.

I.T DJ Entrepreneur
1. I started a YouTube channel that has 130 subscribers and a total of 60,000 views. within 6 months I want to gain allot of subscribers. 2. I would like to get my own car and be able to drive it. 3. Last but not least I would love it if you guys can help me grow my income.
My family.

business politics writing
Contacts learning rvalve
My skill is my strength

1) Data Science: I went into college as a math major because of my interest in data analysis, but as my course work advanced the level of abstraction was hitting the stratosphere. One of my favorite assignments was the last project for data structures. We had to apply everything we've learned throughout the semester and optimize our first homework assignment and justify our design choices. I loved running tests and analyzing the data from them to create my report. 2) Software Engineering: When I started college, I had never used a computer for anything more than Netflix and MS Office. I was really intimidated by the required computer science classes for my major, but I ended up doing very well in them, and by the time I was in what I thought would be my last computer science class, I was emailing the department for special permission to take a few extra computer science classes because I loved coding so much. I want my work to include a good amount of coding. 3) Education: I've always loved teaching, and I've been a tutor and teaching assistant for my whole college career. I think I don't fully understand something until I'm able to teach someone else about it. I get a lot of joy out of seeing other people go from not understanding something, to mastery. I also find educational technology fascinating. I'm currently developing a web application to help children visualize and better understand common core subtraction methods through a cashier game.
My biggest goals are to get a full-time job before graduating in December and reach a place in treatment where I can start scaling back on the amount of time spent in treatment. For the former I have a lot of sub goals to achieve that will help me. I want to beef up my portfolio. I have a few ideas for this, like a computer science study website and a mindfulness/grounding iOS app. I want to practice for 'whiteboard coding,' and general interview preparation to make me less anxious and more confident. I also want to teach myself how to create and effectively use databases. For the latter, I plan to continue being engaged in treatment, advocating for myself, and building my support network.
No matter what the world throws at me, I continue to to persevere and excel.

1. Design - After reviewing several of my peers' programs and falling prey to the pitfalls of poor design, I have started placing an increasing amount of emphasis on software design and architecture. But, that is not the real reason obviously. It's much more selfish than that. I, like I mention above, live with obsessive compulsive disorder. The disorder brings with it a plethora of problems that I struggle with on a daily basis. But, it does have its positives too. One of the biggest in my opinion is my obsession with writing code as best as possible. This includes thinking about the problem thoroughly before even writing a single line of code, drawing out the algorithms I'll use and how it will work with the intended data structures, and finally writing the code itself in a well thought-out and conceived manner. This is, indeed, slow. However, I absolutely love doing it this way and am usually proud of the end result. Similarly, my obsession with writing good code makes me ask myself if there's a better or faster way to implement a particular program and I will sometimes exhaust myself trying to find the best possible implementation. Again, I'll concede that this is slow. But, I learn so much in the process and come up with excellent implementations as an end result. As technology gets more and more prevalent in society and we find ourselves surrounded by multiple devices connected to the Internet with our personal information on it, it becomes imperative that we pay attention to writing the best code we possibly can. This leads me to my next interest... 2. Security - Over seven BILLION data records have been breached since 2013 and only 8% of them account for 'secure breaches' where the stolen data was encrypted and therefore rendered useless. Millions of customer data records get stolen via hacks on large corporations such as Home Depot, Target, and JP Morgan Chase among others. While most fires can be put out simply by changing your password on relevant websites, sometimes the identity theft is severe enough to cause extensive harm. The recent Anthem hack comes to mind. Accessing private medical credentials such as names, SSNs, and health insurance numbers can be used by criminals to defraud government programs such as Medicaid and Medicare. Moreover, I'm severely concerned by the existence of software such as FinFisher, which can be bought on the market and be used to covertly spy on any target that the user desires to extract personal and financial information from. In the climate we live in today where massive troves of data are generated each second, I feel it's very important that we uphold that data to high standards of security. I am quite fascinated by this battle of securing our data and wish to contribute toward that end. 3. Machine learning and data mining - It is so interesting to me that there exist patterns we can find that a human mind may miss but a computer can pick up. The design, study, and implementation of models which mine data, especially via unsupervised learning, is another area which I find quite intriguing. Due to the scope for improvement in this domain and the number of challenges to overcome, I feel excited at the prospect of delving further into ML in the future.
I know I'm an excellent programmer with a brilliant knack for problem solving. My resume, however, doesn't reflect that. I don't even have one in fact, not one I can present anyway. I want to be able to reach a position via the course of this mentorship where I can present the skills I possess to the world at large. I am quite hungry to learn and appreciate any advice that comes my way. I want to know how to traverse the workplace and how I can effectively fit in a world where I'm a tiny minority. These include the aspects mentioned above such as soft skills, technical skills, recruitment, networking, and most especially projects that I can work on and someone can help guide.
My perseverance: I never give up, keep on fighting hard, and I absolutely love doing it.

My main areas of interest are design and product management. I know how important hearing aids and other devices are to those, like me, who require them. I'd like to do everything I can to make these devices more accessible and user-friendly for all. I don't know whether that means building assistive devices that can be used with conventional hearing aids, building tools that can help people with cognitive challenges or poor dexterity to better use their hearing aids, or completely rethinking what hearing aids are and how they are used - perhaps its a combination of all of the above.
I would like to network with people involved in the hearing technology industry and use my personal and academic experiences to develop solutions for people with hearing impairments. I have some ideas that I have attempted to various degrees. I've 3-D printed a very rough prototype of a tool to help people with poor dexterity insert and remove their hearing aids. I've also worked on installing and running a simple hearing aid device on a RaspberryPi. I also have an idea for a very practical, mirror/hearing aid case toolkit that could help new users with inserting, removing, and maintaining their own hearing aids. Beyond that, I'd also like to change the patient experiences of being fit with hearing aids, and reduce the negative stigma surrounding the devices.
I'm driven by a relentless passion for helping and educating others

My top three interests within technology are: Database Administrator because it allows to manage a company or corporation’s data. Telecommunications: This type of technology makes information transmission easier linking people around the world. Finally, I am passionate about computing because it has become imperative in the working domain everywhere.
As a young worker I want to gain a growth oriented position in institutions where my educational, professional, and leadership abilities will be needed and developed collaborating with mentors, to build strong international professionalism and career records. These are my expectations from the mentorship and for the next 6 months.
What makes me awesome is how far I have come despite my disability and family background.

"I'm passionate about making the life of others easier through Technology. I love how you can make something amazing from scratch with very little tools, an idea, and a small device"
nil
My first name sounds like Awesome

Product Management Marketing (everything digital) People & Community Management Web development Graphic Design
Disability support; Train my team accordingly and develop my business; Learn new technical skills; Grow my network; Apply and be accepted at Standford University for a MBA in Marketing; Expand the menstruation project to reach out to most women all over the Democratic Republic of Congo; Held motivational conference with top businesses Guru and entrepreneurs such as Dangote, Oprah, etc... to influence the Congolese youth and share their entrepreneurial spirit with them.
I help young women from 10 to 25 years old with disabilities, living in rural communities by keeping them at schools through my distribution program of sanitary pads, free of charge.

Embedded Engineering seems to be my strongest suit, I believe I was at my peak of usefulness when I was heavily performing hardware testing on what would see release as the ViewPlus Columbia embosser, while contributing small updates to the firmware repository (a locally hosted Subversion, thus why I used a trick to leave the GitHub field effectively blank.) The programming languages I seem to be the best at are those that use the Function Block Diagram model, which is strongly evidenced by me developing a major component, as well as directing and performing component integration, on the EV3 code used for a team project in the Microsoft Autism Program. While it's not as glorious of a route as engineering or programming, I seem to have an intuition for systems administration and quality assurance. I've been upgrading computer hardware since 2003, and building from scratch since 2011. This has led to me troubleshooting PC issues for friends and family since around 2005, and on rare occasion help others out with Android and iOS devices as well. While Windows (3.1 through 10, most of my experience is with XP, 7, 10, and a few private alpha releases of 10TH2 and 10RS1) is the OS I typically deal with, I have some experience working with macOS (7.1 through 10.11) and Linux (mostly Debian-based but I'm starting to use Arch derivatives as well).
I believe my greatest needs would be in soft skills and recruitment, as I cannot seem to market myself effectively no matter how much help I get from vocational rehabilitation and unemployment offices. Adding to this, I did not integrate very well with the team I was in when I worked for Intel through UST Global. (However, since it was a hostile workplace due to blatant duplicity being the only thing to earn anyone commendations, that may be a foregone conclusion even if I had great soft skills.) I am tempted to ask for help networking, but I am absolutely terrible at staying in touch with people professionally. (However, a large part of it is I don't know how to do so effectively without sounding needy and whiny.) While I hope to get a job in my field that makes use of my talents and has an upbeat atmosphere (I had a job like that at ViewPlus but a budgetary layoff cut it very short), I think I will try to start a small computer OEM business if and when I exhaust unemployment benefits in July. It may not be that glorious of a business to run as building and testing PCs with release hardware is trivial, but I know I can build and help others set up PCs. It might also not be the most economically sound business idea as places like that go out of business rather fast around my area, but I'm willing to try since my family has been housing me for so long.
I have a knack for flowing things together, but need to take a lot of notes to prevent flowing the wrong way.

My main interest in technology within engineering. My major at WSU is Biomedical Engineering and I think this is very interesting and can help improve the lives of others. Within engineering I think regenerative medicine is where my main interest and focus for my future career will be. I also think assistive technology is also bery interesting, along with prosthetics.
I would really like to gain some insight on what it is like to be in the professional world, especially before I enter it. I would also like to know if I can compete for the same desirable jobs that people without disabilities want. What do I need to do to make myself more marketable and ready for a career in industry?
I am awesome because I see challenges and overcome them. I am a problem solver and I want to help other achieve their goals and overcome problems too. The best feeling in the world was when I received my driver's license in the mail after I was told by so many people in my life that I would never be able to drive a car or be independent.

I work in Diversity & Inclusion and plan on continuing in this field. A mentor that is in a similar function is less important to me than someone who can help with my challenges.
I've really like to speak with someone to understand different ways of bringing my disability and accommodation needs into the equation. And how to deal with backlash if it occurs again.
I care immensely about the work I do and am dedicated to make companies better for under represented communities.

1) VR & AR. As a graduate psychology student I’m most excited about the clinical uses of virtual and augmented reality. Two separate tools capable of transporting or altering one’s perspective reality have profound implications for the medical field. Improving from pixelated graphics, digital realties can help patients cope with a variety of disabilities, fears and lived experiences. As a cultural psychologist, I’m interested in VR specifically for the possibility to reduce racism and prejudice amongst treated patients. Previous studies have shown that when people of opposite views, races and cultures work together prejudice can be reduced (Allport, 1954). While Allport and other’s have found this contact theory effective, I find that scalability is lacking. Therefore, I believe that VR has the capability of exposing mass amounts of individuals to situations and cultures that they have yet to experience. Thus, I’m passionate about digital realities because they offer a practical and scalable option for both clinical and field studies. 2) Automated Marketing. As a past marketer for non-profit, startup, real estate and a fortune 500 company, marketing has been a passion of mine. Mixed with psychology and a performing arts background, I’ve found marketing to be an outlet for both creativity and innovation. I’m passionate about the way in which automated marketing software is enhancing and enabling companies to reach both specific and interested markets. Specifically, within my time at Intuit I found that responsive pages, direct A/B tests and intelligent emails are certainly the next phase in digital marketing. 3) The internet of things. I’m passionate about the ever-increasing connectivity of our digital and physical world. From Nest, smart refrigerators, smarter lights to intelligent kitchens, I’m passionate about the way in which companies working together to innovate and jointly bring technological progress to consumers and companies alike. It excites me to think about that ways in which interconnected technology has the potential to make life easier for people and lessen the cost of simply living.
I would sincerely love to deepen my understanding of the world of technology. After growing up in a low-income community, I lack certain ideological principals that others have picked up from their more privileged background. During my 6 months, I would like to achieve a re-frame in the way that I think about my skills. I would like to work on strengthening my confidence through improvement of both soft and technical skills. Additionally, I would like to learn what it takes to become a full stacks marketer. From design, creation, campaign, analysis, I would ideally like to be able to do it all.
Retirement planning gardener by day and banana pancake making collegiate psychologist by night.

I am majoring in Data Science and Statistics, and so far my studies have focused on impact evaluation through regression and matching. I'm really passionate about this area because I believe that all great programs, policies and plans come about through proper evaluation and control. There are so many things that we could improve on in the world by measuring them and adapting our actions to strengthen positive impact. I want to work on impact evaluation problems in order to improve systems of healthcare, crime prevention and education, to add insights to counter terrorism, to expand a growing and dynamic field, and to work with some amazing people. Other areas of interest for me in technology are the applications to education. I am especially interested in how we can build systems of adaptive learning that benefit students and teachers, bringing in my knowledge and experience in the field of education to my developing skills in technology. Other than that, I am more than willing to explore a whole variety of subsections of the technology field. As a member of the first graduating class at Minerva Schools at KGI, a university driven by technology and innovation, I am constantly exposed to new areas of interest. I have spent the last three weeks as a sounding board for my roommate, who is working on a really cool deep learning project, and I have loved hearing all about it, learning the concepts, researching so that I can be more helpful, and suggesting new directions they could take their work. I love to hear about and learn new things in this sphere, and I'm eager to connect with mentors in this program so that I can solidify my interests into projects and curricula with the aim of teaching myself more.
I do not currently have solid ideas in mind for projects this summer. I am planning on taking a variety of online classes to boost my skills in computational statistics, machine learning and decision making, so I would love to work on a project that would help me to develop those areas.
I am awesome because I am actively engaged in my life: I spend time every day doing projects I am passionate about, learning difficult content in classes and online, and talking to people from walks of life polar opposite to my own.

I'm interested by the product management because thanks to the technology the company manager could develop some strategies that successful lead the products. It also impoves the team communication and between the company and customers. In addition i like the artificial intelligence because thanks to the technology, we can make any kind of researches we want in a short time where the human being should take a long time. And finally technology made the world a planetary village where we are all closed. I'm talking about the social networks that favor the people connection.
I would like to depeen my current skills in the issue of the technology. During the mentorship, i would like take advantage of the experiences of my mentor and from the other participants. I would like also share my skills during the workshops if possible. It means that i would like to develop the disability support, networking project and technical skills during this Program. I want to achieve in the 6 months a kind of technical luggage cited above that could help me to improve my skills of my leaddrship career for the benefit of the people of my comunity and other areas if possible. I want to go forward to establish a strong dynamic team around of the issue of technology.
What makes me awsome is my team spirit.

I'm deeply interested in data science, data analytics, M&E and using needs assessments and collected data to determine the needs of communities and prepare technological platforms accordingly.
I'd love to understand how people make themselves successful professionally, and market themselves knowing that they have a chronic issue (such as inability to deal with excessive stress). I also want to know how people recover from below-average academic performance, caused due to their disability.
Tenacity

Artificial intelligence is a big interest of mine. While abroad at Oxford, I studied computational neuroscience. I loved it. We used Matlab and I loved the feeling of getting the model to fit the data. After studying the brain for years now, I appreciate its complexity. Artificial intelligence is a form of applied computational neuroscience that tackles this complexity in a unique way that can benefit the population. Data analysis is another interest of mine. I love data analysis because it can be used to study anything. For example, while doing behavioral economic projects at the Harvard Kennedy School we used STATA to analyze water usage in California and bus safety in Kenya. Data analysis is also key in effectively contributing factual information in the sciences. Ultimately, the versatility of data analysis and its ability to conform to whatever interest I have is its biggest draw. My third top interest is software development. This is of interest to me because it seems to be the most practical aspect of computer science. It's the best way to turn an idea into reality. It also is incredibly fun to be successful at turning those ideas into actuality.
In the next 6 months, I would like to be much better at networking. I know it's an important skill and I would greatly appreciate any help. Most importantly, I would like to have a better idea of how to transition into the tech world because right now that seems impossible and I'm worried I'm watching the opportunity slip away.
Passion.

I am interested in artificial intelligence, software development, and app development. I recently developed an interest in these areas from self-learning about the technological shift during the last century and current developments. With an aging and growing population, there is an increasing demand for efficiency to balance these changes. However, these areas are only in their early stages of development and further research will be required to create applications for everyday life. My goal is to combine technology and computer science with my lifelong interest in psychology (mental health and cognition) and life sciences. I would like to innovate applications that can be used in everyday life and help society as a whole. I hold a Bachelor of Science in Psychology and plan to continue my studies in computer science.
I hope to expand my network and understanding in the applications of technology and computer science. I also want to develop my soft skills in written and verbal communication and build my self-confidence. I am eager to discuss potential projects that I want to implement in the future.
I can put myself in other's shoes and look at different perspectives.

1) Science. I am a chemist by training, and am enthralled by the world of science. Overlap between science and technology excites me. It provides unique opportunities to transition academic inventions into the commercial world. The overlap of science and technology is broad, but I don't want to narrow it down to avoid limiting this field. I am interested in all areas at the intersection of science and technology, including biotechnology, energy, data science, machine learning, and many others. I do not have formal training in software, but would love to contribute to science and technology. 2) Education. The Internet provides amazing opportunities for everyone to learn. Individuals can take online classes, learn skills through videos, join a mentoring program, and read research articles. As Nelson Mandela said, "Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." I believe technology is poised to change education and I wish to be a part of that movement. 3) Social Networking. Technology has vastly changed the way we communicate, with no foreseeable end to ever-changing communication. I am most interested in scientific communication via social networks because of my background. Several websites have tried to becoming the "Facebook for scientists," including academia.edu, researchgate.net, and others. However, these sites have not succeeded. I think scientists could greatly benefit from increased communication and collaboration within the community. They have been relatively slow to uptake technological changes, but new technologies could prompt adoption.
I am currently working on a personal entrepreneurial project separate from my graduate research at the university. I am building a website to serve as a platform for an open access journal with articles that are free to publish, read, and review. The journal will use a crowdsourced peer review system to improve article quality, and thus a large number of users is key. The website will also have additional social interaction tools such as groups, activity streams, and private messaging. To-date, I have taught myself the basics of HTML and CSS, built a prototype using Wordpress as a content management system, and am testing the prototype via previous business contacts. I would like to advance this project during this mentorship and receive feedback and mentorship on the project. This point was not addressed in the FAQ, but I am not looking to distribute equity. The following areas of knowledge and skills from a mentor are desired: building social networks, journal publishing, scientific peer review, website design (CSS, HTML, PHP). I recognize that all these skills might not be possessed by one person. Please note that website design and building social networks are the most valuable skills mentioned. In the next 6 months I intend to start a company around this idea. I will graduate in about 1 year, so I have that time to pursue student competitions and opportunities for startups. Next Billion would greatly advance my project and career.
I am an innovative leader passionate about providing universal access to research for the world.

The way people understand things like visual design, motion, product design fascinates me. These elements are evolving in tech at a fast pace, and new elements are created with the addition of new technologies. The languages a person speaks and the cultures they are apart of and their role in societies are factors that can effect the way people interact with technology. The challenge of designing for a multitude of variables excites me. This is why UX design and research interest me the most. Tech-healthcare is another strong area of interest for me. The main reason I am eager to apply UX design and research to tech-healthcare is that I believe everyone deserves access to amazing healthcare. To do so, healthcare professionals need to have access to the best tech in order to provide optimal healthcare. Issues like sound design across multiple devices and at home testing kits are just a few tech based healthcare issues that fascinate me as a UXer.
I'd love to find a workplace that challenges me as a UX designer or researcher, but is actively supportive of my learning disabilities.
I'm awesome because I am total nerd who loves to read, get political, travel and cook.

Technology is certainly quite broad, and quite accurately reflects the breadth of my interests. However, if I had to choose my top three, I would have to say design (product, UI/UX, graphic, CAD), VR, and games. I can go on a huge tangent about how games, VR, and CAD could merge into a whole new way we interact with the digital world, but to be honest I can't really say I have enough concrete information really say. I like to create and speculate, which is why I enjoy conceptual design and examining technology from a more philosophical point of view. I guess what really makes me excited about technology is that it presents to me so many possible outlets to let my imagination out and bring my creations to life.
I would like to gain technical skills regarding 3D modeling for programs like Blender and Fusion 360 for design (of anything really). I'd also like to have an internship in a relevant field (game design, VR, etc.), so that I can have hands one experience. I'm really not picky about what I do, as long as I get to do something. I'd also like to form a lasting relationship with someone who I can relate and look up to, which I think is the most difficult out of my goals, but the most rewarding.
I like cats, BBQ ribs and sci-fi (google John Scalzi).

"I am interested in the application of computer science and big data to chronic illness. As more advanced medical diagnostics become available to patients at lower cost (such as microbiome and genome sequencing), the possibility of accessible personalized medicine increases. While this might in the future have monumental academic impacts, such as researching new gene-specialized medication, right now the benefits of these advances are not reaching those who need it. I am interested in compassionate big data, where I can value the personal integrity of those who share my experiences with chronic illness. This might be finding dietary choices which work for sufferers of IBD with a common gene, or gym exercises which relieve the pain of those with rheumatoid arthritis. I spoke recently with an engineer who works at a pharmacy who deliver specialized medication, about how they could connect customer feedback on the efficacy of their medication with genome analysis to start tailoring dose based on genetic makeup. Applications such as this fascinate me, but I am also generally interested in the field of human interaction with big data - channeling this new trend towards utility for the public. My technical interests could be listed as follows: Application of computer science to health. Biotechnology. Big data software engineering."
nil
I am full of warmth, often and most importantly for those who receive little.

Technology has played a very powerful role in my life by providing me with tools that have increased my independence and autonomy. This is why I am so passionate about advocating for the use of high technology in this way and am fascinated by a broad range of technological realms. I’m interested in Accessibility because it combines my passion for technology with my passion for advocating for the needs of people with disabilities. I’m interested in User Experience/User Interface because these impact how people interact with technology. I want to create user experiences that make it easier for people with disabilities to use technology. I’m also very interested in emerging technologies, such as Artificial Intelligence, Augmented/Virtual Reality, and home automation, because of the incredible amounts of potential these technologies have to enhance people's lives in a positive way. I want to help shape how these technologies are used by people with disabilities.
I want to expand my blog (blog.cerebralposi.net) so that I can develop a larger community. I also want to brainstorm ideas on how to improve already existing Assistive Technology. Additionally, I would like to improve my communication skills, self-confidence, and knowledge of user experience best practices.
I am highly passionate, perseverant, and focused on living a positive life. #PMA

1. Effective use of Social Media - I want to know the effective strategies to do a better advocacy in such a way that people will be interested to my cause on Disability. 2. Graphic Design - The mind behind designing a logo or producing an artwork which I can use in my advocacy work for my project on the welfare of persons with disabilities. 3. Website - I want to learn on how to build a website without using code to showcase my project work on persons with disabilities.
I want to achieve on how do I mobilize people through technology means to benefit from disability support on my project work of Accessibility, Inclusive Education and Employment. Also I want to know how can I make the most of technology to be independent in life. Finally, I want to learn on how to create a network and benefit from people help and support on disability.
My patience and personality where I am able to befriend people easily.

Top 3 fields of interest: • Design • Software development • Network security I'm especially interested in software development. After college, my dream career is to develop software for students with learning disabilities. School can be significantly more challenging for students with learning disabilities. With the right software at their fingertips, students with learning disabilities will be more likely to succeed than if they didn't have this software.
Over the next six months, I hope to network with many individuals, learn new programming languages including C++, C, Ruby, and JavaScript. I’d also like to build my Java and Python experience, find out about various technology fields and job opportunities associated with them. I’d also like to learn from others with learning disabilities in the tech field (e.g., what they do to be successful, strategies they use to make certain content easier to understand).
Despite the many learning challenges I have faced throughout my educational journey, I persevered and ended up getting into Macalester College, and developed an incredible interest in computer science.

Technology ties into my passion because technology provides opportunities which empower disadvantaged individuals in society such as minorities or individuals with disabilities such as myself. In other industries, such as banking or film, there is more of a barrier to entry specific to disadvantaged individuals by precluding those without the proper credentials such as a formal education or connections. Though it has its own share of diversity problems, the tech industry is nonetheless one of the few industries where there is a strong and active movement in attempting to include people from all backgrounds. By its nature, technology seeks to recruit the best and brightest, regardless of race, gender, and disabilities. I am passionate about tech because I believe in its potential to unify people from all backgrounds with the shared focus of building things that better the community. Within technology, my strongest interest is undoubtedly coding. There’s an ineffable joy to creating something out of nothing and building it while optimizing for form and function. Though I am an engineer at heart, the product in its entirety remains a strong interest for me. I code because I want to be involved in the hands-on process of building something that provides some value to end-users. Beyond the actual engineering, however, there is a myriad of questions that must be considered when formulating product development, including what specific problem does it seek to address or how should this product scale over the long term. Through my previous software engineering internship at Ticketmaster, I realized that I enjoy building products that everyday people such as you or me can benefit from. Ideally, I want to work on a back-end, full-stack, or mobile development team responsible for building a consumer-facing platform that leverages the sharing economy or crowd-sourcing to provide value for the end-users. An example might be Uber which allows peer-to-peer ride-sourcing transactions or TripAdvisor which generates content, in the form of reviews, through crowd-sourcing.
nil
I became the change I wanted to see in this world by helping orchestrate my school’s “Behind the Mask" series, a month-long series of events which facilitated the needed open-discussion of mental health on campus in addition to promoting the use of on-campus mental health resources to the student body.

My first two interests are related in that I am passionate about them for the same reason. They are programming and hardware. I delight in these because I love to build things. To be able to start with basic parts(whether code or components), and build something that is complex and elegant, this is joy for me. Lastly, I am passionate about design. I have always been artistic and appreciated aesthetics. Bringing these things together into one career would be a dream come true.
1. Assisting in my coding instruction. I am attempting to learn full stack web development online. 2.Helping me to navigate the particulars of job search within the tech industry. 3. Portfolio creation.
I have the ability to remain open and excited about life and all of its potential.

Technology may address some of the widespread failures in care coordination, which can have devastating consequences for patients. My top 3 interests are around automating healthcare processes with tech, giving patients more access to their health records, and given patients more access to their care providers. These 3 interests all share the common goal of giving people with chronic conditions more control over their care and as a result their life.
Technology may address some of the widespread failures in care coordination, which can have devastating consequences for patients. My top 3 interests are around automating healthcare processes with tech, giving patients more access to their health records, and given patients more access to their care providers. These 3 interests all share the common goal of giving people with chronic conditions more control over their care and as a result their life.
I've been told my energy and stubbornness in getting through or around any barrier can be very infectious.

"Going into college, I did not intend to study Computer Science. Thus, technology allows me to experience how it is to discover and be passionate about a new area. It assists me in broadening my horizons and to approach problems from both a structured and analytical perspective as well as giving room to be creative when looking at real-life issues. Software engineering, is probably most closely related to my current courses. I want to learn more about cybersecurity and data science, but as of now my experience in these areas is limited. "
nil
Me: quirky, sophisticated and perseverant.

artifical intelligence, scientific data, and design.
Finding who I am again.
nil

My top 3 fields of interests are artificial technology, software development, and bioinformatics. I would like to develop an artificial intelligence that would help run the world a little better and make lives more convenient. I like building software, so I am also interested in being in software development. I am also interested in bioinformatics because I have started as a biology major and switched majors to Computer Science. I would like to combine those two interests together and work in industry related to the two fields.
I would like to learn soft skills, help with recruitment, and encouragement with personal development. As an autistic, I have little to no soft skills. As a result, I come off as too blunt and people go with negative impressions of me. I would like to learn soft skills from a mentor who has been in the field before me. I would also like help with recruitment, because being recruited is hard. I would like help with developing my resume and being a more helpful member of the society. I would also want someone to encourage me in personal developments such as taking on personal projects and learning new skill sets. I would like to learn from my mentor and get encouragement for my progress. In six months, I would like to complete my research and finish my school. I would like to go to industry after graduation and then go to graduate school. In order to do that, I need to finish school and learn necessary skills for the industry.
I never give up until I understand or find the answer.

Cybertherapy, software development, and virtual reality. Although I am new to the tech world, I love the limitless possibilities and creativity associated with developing tech solutions to address mental health. Currently, everything I am learning in my coding bootcamp and at college is focused on mental health solutions, and this summer I will be developing software for cybertherapy purposes. In the future, as I develop my skills and experience in tech and dive deeper into the tech world, I hope to explore and work in the virtual reality world to help provide VR solutions to the mental health industry.
I would like to develop my startup idea, which is to develop free accessible mental health care to college students and high school students through gameified online and app-based resources. While I am building an MVP this summer at my code bootcamp, I would like help building a business model, organizing goals and dreams, accessing CS/mental health networking/social communities, and other soft skills like finding a tech internship. I feel like I deeply lack a tech/entrepreneurial community/support network, and I seek a mentor to guide me this network or to help me find networks in my area. I am also seeking to transfer from Vassar College to a more tech/entrepreneurial academic institution.
"This above all, to refuse to be a victim - unless I can do that, I can do nothing" - Margaret Atwood

data entry web design graphic design coding??????????
Find a skill that I will be good at and find a company that is understanding to the fact that I have a disability and is willing to work with me. One idea I have thought of implementing is a pair of VR shoes that make one beep when you walk away from a person or obstacle, but make 3-5 beeps if you walk too close to an obstacle or person.
I have a great sense of humour and am very intuitive.

Design Product Management Data Science
I dream of having the skills and the ability to design things using software and be a creator. I would like to be able to use soft skills to contribute to the welfare of people like me. There's just a lot that technology can do to improve our lives.
I'm a people person and highly driven. I never let anything set me back. I've overcome!

I am interested software engineering, design, product management in ascending order. I just love software engineering with its approach to developing, operating, and managing software; this is my intended concentration under applied computer science at GMU. After that, I am interested in design because it is important for logos, websites, mobile apps, and the list goes on. Finally, product management is key as a business perspective of the process of working on a project.
Learn more coding/software engineering, gain experience, start a few coding projects, and gain valuable experience and ideas to help improve the mental health field with a peer to peer mobile and web application that has a similar format to alcohol anonymous.
I am open to new ideas and love meeting new people.

I am studying statistics at NYU and majored in economics and minored in art at Smith College. I'm very interested in data science and predictive analysis. In addition, because of my background in arts, I'm also interested in UX research.
network, learn more about the field, and seeking for full time positions; seeking understanding and support as a person with disability in tech.
I am able to combine the science and the arts

Web design, application development, computer programming.
Implement psychlogical knowledge into social life.
I love life.

Game development, software development and product management. My current research interest is developing educational video games. My current dissertation focus is on developing educational video games to teach Deaf and Hard of Hearing students to learn undergraduate statistics.
Self advocate in industries to receive support. Networking, getting some advices on my current project, MarsU - video game for Deaf and Hard of Hearing students to learn undergraduate statistics. I would like some advices on stealth assessment in video games if that is possible .
I am sports fan (Boston), chef, gamer, and Ph.D. student at RIT

I am interested in becoming a front-end engineer, full-stack engineer, and would love to work in a large company but am also open to startups. I have a background in IT but when I moved to the US I discovered computer programming through free online tools like Codeacademy and that sparked my passion that I could not only fix and build computers but program how they run.
I'd like guidance on how to find a job now that I've completed my software engineering coursework. I don't have a big network here since I just moved to the US 3 years ago and haven't had much luck getting an interview because I'm ineligible for internships as I'm not a college student and ineligible for most jobs in Silicon Valley because I don't have much software engineering experience. It's discouraging because I don't even get selected for interviews to prove my capability.
I taught myself English by listening to music and practicing the song lyrics.

Software Development Specifically with Mobile development and Operating System. I realize those are two very different fields but I like working on UI of an application as well work on the operating system to optimize and make the best out of the hardware available to use for the ease of further devopment.
I want to talk to someone who has went through similar experience I have or know someone who have been to such experience and help me cope with it and give me information on how I can help myself to get out of this bad situation. Once, I feel I got enough guidance and if it affects(in a positive was) my studying habits and my behavior, I would like to learn what technical skills I can gain from them while in school, ask for opportunities if they have any in mind for me and help me introduce to more people like them so that I can create my own network as well.
My dedication to learning computer science tirelessly from last 5 years

my top 3 fields of expertise within technology are facebook, google and linkedin as i need those medias to help me update the life and knowing the issue around the world. i think most important part is to listen. i need to be able to understand what they want to express and able to help them step out from the circle that they set by themselves.
nil
what makes me awesome is my smile : D

- iOS Development. - Inclusive user experiences. - General Software Development.
nil
The fact that I always strive to do the right thing, and try to be a positive force for me and the people around me.

Social Media, Customer Success, Email Marketing
nil
I produce podcasts in my spare time.

1) Social media Marketing 2) Business planning 3) Analytics or data related skills
nil
I am determined to get things done and patient.

Ruby on Rails, Meteor and Django. I would like to guide a mentee on Ruby on Rails
nil
I play the electric guitar and basketball : P

1) Holography 2) Virtual Reality 3) Mixed Reality 10+ years. IMMY (Immersive Technology) Award Winner. Ideation, Systems Integration, Negotiation, Online Resources, Education Programs, 3D Visualization, Immersive Simulation Based Learning, and Social Media Marketing
nil
I make the impossible possible. Miracles takes a little bit longer.

nil
nil
What makes ME is awesome, is my quirky self, all my stories of my past (and future), and my endless passion for creating impact through business.

1. Film & TV Production 2. Commercial Production 3. Marketing Strategy and Business Mentorship
nil
Being an entrepreneur, I carry the core value of making a different in other people's life, as well as caring for other people's mission.

How to best sale yourself. I know i pretty direct, I am hear to help move the needle.
nil
i am lucky to have the best wife and kids. They make me awesome.

Empowering people from all walks of life. Technology helps open many doors which many times f2f conversations don't, because people judge very easily. I love to help people explore their potential and guide them through their journey of achievements big and small
nil
Being human and helping others

I'd like to give them the user perspective and big picture so they are not designing in a vacuum
nil
Skis +Smile+Love =Power

1, Coding - My dad has lots of friends designated as programmer at place like Boeing, Microsoft and Realter.ca 2, Networking - What I am doing currently. I am good at implementation and troubleshooting technology Quantum information
nil
I like a guy interest in quantum physics who has or had been studying in an university, a person who understands how person with disabilities is encountering and facing.

Accessibility, web development. Technology is something I use everyday.
nil
Accessibility is not just my job but something I am really passionate about

Over the last two decades, she’s launched some of the most disruptive hardware lifestyle tech brands on the market, from iPhone cases and portable power, to wireless headphones and smartwatches, and now, augmented audio devices. Everything from sales, marketing, and and channel strategy in technology.
nil
I'm a very unique mix of experience and background. I am a gay female, executive in tech, advocate for hearing loss, who has lived with hearing loss her whole life.

I'd love to help people 1) improve their interaction design skills, 2) improve their visual design skills, and 3) help coach people on how to talk about their design work.
nil
I'm a cat lady, home improvement expert, cancer survivor, and I've eaten donuts with Obama.

"Assistive technology ties into my passion through the course I teach at Stanford. Interests include design / development process, technology that benefits people with disabilities and older adults, mentoring student teams with their projects"
nil
My awesomeness flows from my ability to communicate with my peers, students, and people with disabilities & older adults.

My top 3 fields of expertise are 1) Design research, 2) the informal economy, 3) Digital financial inclusion. Through my startup I have accumulated a deep knowledge base around the drivers that influence design and user research decisions. At Mastercard, I had the opportunity to learn about the many hurdles as well digital solutions addressing the pain points of underbanked consumers in low-resource communities and disenfranchised populations confronted by opaque systems. Broadly speaking, I want to help my future mentee successfully navigate ambiguity. Success in technology is defined by identifying opportunities and executing on them better than the status quo – often, there is no playbook for what this looks like because it’s never been done before. I want to coach my mentee to be creative, resourceful, and ambitious – in other words, entrepreneurial. I also want to challenge my mentee to think critically about their goals, clearly articulate their vision, and attack the best-fitting opportunities.
nil
I’m an eternal optimist and firmly believe in the power of empathy.

Automotive Supply chain Business Analysis Data For Decisions
nil
I innovate

I'm big on editorial content, mobile strategy and product development. I've been a long-time team builder and manager -- I could be most helpful in professional development, team dynamics, etc.
nil
I'm a great listener.

Yes, https: //www.quora.com/What-is-the-best-thing-that-ever-happened-to-you-for-being-nice/answer/Jeff-Stokes-7 Helping others. Technology is a good tool, for good or ill. I prefer good.
nil
I enjoy helping others thrive.

"The realization that you are different from other people and therefore need to work harder or push yourself further in certain areas can be a tough one. I had to work to slowly learn how to feel comfortable in my own skin again. I learned how important it is to have a safe space to grow, learn, and fail without judgement, and how to ask and accept help from others. Three skills I’d love to help my mentee develop are: resilience, scrappiness, and empathy. If the key to a successful product/idea/startup/anything is to fail fast and fail often, resilience is what lets you do that without becoming discouraged. Resilience is recognizing that failure is a learning experience to be treasured and continuing to put yourself out of your comfort zone. One of the core values at Rent the Runway (where I am currently a Product Designer) is, “Scrappiness is a virtue.� Circumstances will rarely be perfect- instead of waiting for the ideal resources or ideal situation, build whatever you can to get the job done. Finally, empathy is one of the best qualities to have in the field of tech, but also perhaps the rarest. Connecting with people and understanding their needs is a core part of my job as a UX designer, but has also helped me in so many other areas of my personal and professional lives. "
nil
I’m an optimistic but grounded creative whose support inspires others to be their best selves.

Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality, Artificial Intelligence, 3D Printing. Visionary
nil
I live for people that awaken to their purpose.

My core technology specialization area is Business Intelligence and Analytics. I specialize on the Microsoft technology and data platform. Through my experiences with building Matchbook Services, I am very comfortable around cloud computing and many of the data technologies and am constantly learning new things myself. I would love to guide my mentee to fall in love with data!
nil
I love teaching and learning in the process.

Program Management Project Management Business Development/Marketing
nil
I am a great listener and super helpful, known to do whatever it takes to make customers and partners happy.

Being blind, there have been many challenges that I have had to overcome (shshshsh, we don't talk about them) but there have also been a lot of solutions. I think it's important for an individual with a disability to foster that mindset of finding solutions and not giving up, rather than complaining about the system; I would like to advise a mentee in how to apply this principal in daily situations; and generally gaining confidence.
nil
I'm blind, as mentioned above, but graduated magna cum laude, did a second degree, found my way to Microsoft, spoke at 13 conferences around the world, have had Bill Gates single out a paper I wrote as a must-read, have stood on stage with Satya Nadella, and haven't yet forgotten my wedding anniversary.

I can help with ICT skills, career planning and personality development.
nil
I am eager to share my learnings and experiences and at the same time always wanting to improve.

1. Marketing (B2B, B2C) 2. Social & ecommerce 3. Networking & personal brand building I would like to guide a mentee on all the above areas, as well as general life skills! Topics along the line of personal and professional development, building up your life and career story, and helping them understand what drives them.
nil
I'm passionate, open-minded, and always seeking adventure and to help spread the light.

graphic design, web design, owning a design business (freelance & small virtual studio). Portfolio box above was not working for me - here is a link: http: //paonecreative.com/
nil
I'm a good listener and happy to share advice from my past experiences.

Business development. Fundraising. Startup experience. I've been running our startup for 4 years, have raised $360,000 and I would love to help someone avoid the pitfalls we encountered along the way. Navigating startup challenges, provide a sounding board.
nil
I get back up more times than I have fallen.

* Feature Ideation and Development * Product Analytics * Project Management
nil
I know who I am and what it took to get here : ]

Yes, mentor female entrepreneurs in Vietnam, Kenya, Jamaica. Am mentor for the Richard Branson entrepreneur center.
nil
I feel and see people

1. Solutions architecture - holistic ecosystems; business and service continuity; contributing to the business case; non-functional requirements; agility and flexibility; service oriented architecture; people, process and technology; scalability. 2. Business development - business case development; goals and objectives; understanding that the problem isn't always the problem; prioritization; want's v.s needs; success criteria; pricing and commercials; stakeholder engagement and management; 3. Integration - technical, people and process; the value of available; service orientated architecture; integration patterns; high-volume integration (enterprise grade); SLAs; fault tolerance; synchronicty of transactions; atomicity of transactions;
nil
I am tenancious, creative and capable, with a passion for learning and sharing.

Primarily front-end - I'm experienced most in web development, specifically HTML/CSS and Javascript. I'm best at teaching newer individuals to the tech field, and have experience mentoring and helping get them started.
nil
I'm a decent mix of fun, nerdy, geeky, and artsy, and am involved in a LOT of things, think I could really help!

As a consultant working with Children, Parents, Government, Schools, Institutes, Universities , NGOs is being blessed with many opportunities. The opportunities to list include, technology enabling in regular classroom routines, accessible resource material creation and distribution, training and support on assistive technology, advocacy for accessible environment, guidance and counselling for livelihood opportunities
nil
Blessed to work on the principle 'Inclusion is Equality where Accessibility is the Key'. Accessibility here includes Physical, Intellectual and Social accessibility.

Cybersecurity, Project Management and Product Manaement
nil
My ability to make connections with empathy and genuine care for leaving a ladder for the next generation.

Digital Marketing Strategy Social Media Marketing Mobile Marketing
nil
Utilizing my professionally gained skills & learning now to start up an initiative that I hope will create impact in the society.

My three areas of expertise are: 1) Virtualization / Cloud Computing / Microservices 2) GTM Strategy / Technical Sales 3) Leadership / Mentorship
nil
I'm me...what ya see is what ya get! I'm very humble and fortunate to have the opportunity to give back to the community I'm very much apart of. I'm a firm believer that we all need to "embrace the struggle" especially during this thing we all call life!

Anything related to disability
nil
Resourceful

Cloud technologies, mobile technologies, and imaging - would love to guide mentee on understanding technology lifecycle and go-to-market for products.
nil
Infinite curiosity.

1. Evaluative research to inform design 2. Generative research to inform design 3. Helath-specific technologies
nil
I've traveled to over 30 different countries for varying amounts of time!

Program Management: ITIL, Operations, Marketing, Incident Management, Problem Management, Communications Impact and influence, communications, presentations, email methods, consulting I personally do not have a degree but have been successful at Microsoft and other technology companies. Though I would encourage getting the education for technology I hope to be an inspiration that even self taught women (with a disability) can be successful in this IT world.
nil
Even in the face of becoming newly disabled I am unstoppable with my positive attitude and desire to be successful, uniquely beautiful IT professional.

Networking protocols TCP/IP Programming
nil
My son needs help because he is disabled. I hope can help other kids in the same situation.

Data Science Robotics Artificial Intelligence
nil
My skills, qualifications, charisma and international experience are second to none

Project Management Process Improvement Business Development
nil
I am really good at knowing a little bit about everything and keeping them all straight in my head while staying very calm.

As a fairly recent graduate with the experience of working for two large technology companies, Salesforce and Microsoft. I feel confident with mentoring on Strategy / Process Building , Technology Products, Problem Solving / SWOT Analysis. I am also passionate about entrepreneurships and startups. I would be able to provide mentorship on the process of internships and getting full time roles in the technology industry. I also believe I would connect to students who are passionate about learning about new technologies as much as I am.
nil
I believe that I am awesome because I enjoy being in new situations, I find that I am always able to make a connection to people who I interact with.

Software Engineering Fast prototyping of Minimum Viable Products Resilience through #JustBelieve Unfortunately, Disability comes packaged with Depression and I would like to guide my mentee with steps of how to overcome the depression and low days by being resilient and creative and resourceful.
nil
The ways in which I am "Overcoming disability with Creative abilities" with my inventions such as Think and Zoom.

Computer hardware at scale- data centers, HPC, etc. Network infrastructure and concepts Basic programming
nil
I am a woman in a field that's 85% male and I'm kicking ass!

Functional programming, compilers, programming language design Distributed systems / cloud computing Open source
nil
I listen and believe people's lived experiences, and try to ask questions to clarify my understanding of what they're saying rather than making assumptions.

1) Marketing & Branding 2) Product Management 3) Hardware
nil
Entrepreneur trained by top CPGs who loves to cook, watch zombie movies, and play sports/games.

Fields of expertise: - Performance and scalability - Telemetry and diagnostics - Systems development I'm happy to guide a mentee on both technical aspects as well as sharing my experiences on how to navigate a software job.
nil
Diligence